Wishlist GraphQL: remove/update products (#326)
magento/architecture: design-documents/graph-ql/coverage/wishlist.md

### Add product(s) to wishlist
Use `addProductsToWishlist` mutation in order to add products to wishlist with or without options. Need to specify `wishlist_id` and the `wishlist_items`.

### Update product(s) in wishlist
Use `updateProductsInWishlist` mutation in order to update products in wishlist with or without options. Need to specify `wishlist_id` and the `wishlist_items`.

### Remove product(s) from wishlist
Use `updateProductsInWishlist` mutation in order to remove products from wishlist by ID. Need to specify `wishlist_id` and the array of `wishlist_items_ids`.

### Remove wishlist
Use `removeWishlist` mutation in order to remove wishlist by `id`.

## Commerce edition
Use `createWishlist(name: String!):` in order to create named wishlist.

### Get multiple customer wishlists
``` graphql
query {
  customer {
    wishlists {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}
```
`customer` query will return array of all available customer wishlists.

### Get customer wishlist items by `id`
``` graphql
query {
  customer {
    wishlist(id: '42') {
      items {
        id
        product {
          sku
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Solutions comparison

> |  | Proposed | Option 1 | Option 2 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | Proposed | Alternative 1 | Alternative 2 |
```

| ------------- | ------------- | -------------| -------------|
| Open Source  | `wishlist` | `wishlists` | `wishlists`|
| Commerce  | `wishlists` and `wishlist(id: ID!)` | `wishlists(ids: [ID])` | `wishlists`|

### Proposed
`wishlist` field located under `Customer` type. Commerce edition will introduce new field `wishlists` to get an array of customer wishlists. `wishlist` field will be extended with `id` argument in order to able to retrieve info for single wishlist by ID.
#### Pros
- Semantically correct - in Open Source one wishlist will be returned, in Commerce - array of wishlist.
- It is possible to get info for the single wishlist by `ID` in Commerce edition.
#### Cons

> - Client couldn't work with both - Open Source and Commerce editions. Missing `id` in Commerce will cause an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client code has to be different for Open Source and Commerce editions. Missing `id` in Commerce will cause an error.
It is not a big problem because client has to know about Wishlist Name in Commerce edition anyway and has to adjust respectively.
```
